okay so I'm here with the deal SFX frag
pro from split fish dude SFX frag Pro is
mainly fried Chuck that looks like this
and a mouse a big mouse now this here
are meant for PlayStation 3 which is
right there I'm about 1 meter away from
the PlayStation so to do one hand here's
the frag check move around here
good sprint
also there's a button right here now
when I press this nothing happens oh
yeah you have to press really hard to
get it to aim down the sights and that
is pretty frustrating the same thing
goes with for the grenades I don't have
good nails in this mission so I can test
it but I know it does it's unresponsive
as well also the mouse
I'll try to make you see I'm pressing
the fire button there nothing is
happening the same thing you have to
press really hard there Bo and that is
very frustrating the rest of the buttons
are pretty okay jump button nice nice
nice so the two of the most important
buttons in the game are completely
useless along with the fact this mouse
here is very unresponsive very hard to
use very hard to aim with I've seen
several videos on YouTube saying that
this is a great product and blah blah
blah blah blah but if you look closer at
them you can see that mostly all ratings
are disabled and all comments are
disabled I've been trying to comment on
several of them but I just being
disabled making it impossible for me to
tell me what I think about it I think
maybe they are part of split fish that's
why I'm also making this video to show
all the others there that this product
is really not very good at all so I'm
having mine returned and don't think
this is the first one I tried I have
another box here
never tried first and this one so crappy
build quality quality from split wish I
don't recommend buying it this Friedrich
also sucks all the power of the
batteries when it's off so quite
expensive you don't have rechargeable
batteries